The "telnet" code is derived from the October 23, 1995 MIT distribution
and is copyrighted by MIT and the Regents of the University of California.
Free use and distribution is permitted under their copyrights.

START_TLS (SSL/TLS-based session security) and FORWARD_X (X11 session
forwarding) support in SRP Telnet is derived from work done by
Jeffrey Altman (jaltman@columbia.edu) and the Kermit Project,
and Peter Runestig (peter@runestig.com).

The GNU Multiple Precision Library, used by "libsrp" to perform large-
number arithmetic, is distributed under the GNU Library Public License.

The SHA-1 code used by libsrp was written by Steve Reid and is in the
public domain.

The CAST encryption algorithm was developed and patented by Carlisle Adams
and Stafford Tavares.  The CAST-128 algorithm (otherwise known as CAST5)
has been made available on a royalty-free basis for both commercial and
non-commercial use.  I coded the implementation of CAST-128 myself based
on the description given in RFC 2144; my implementation is free for
commercial and non-commercial use.  (Update: My implementation is no
longer bundled with the SRP distribution as of version 1.7.1, but is
available by request.  See cast/README for details.)

t_truerand.c contains code for generating high-entropy random seeds.
This code was written by Don Mitchell and Matt Blaze, is copyrighted
by AT&T, and has been made freely available.

The "ftp" code is derived from the Kerberos 5 patch level 1 distribution
(krb5-1.0pl1) of gssftp which was supplied by Cygnus Support for inclusion
in the MIT Kerberos V5 release.  The code is copyrighted by MIT and the
original BSD ftp implementation is copyrighted by the Regents of the
University of California.

The implementations in libkrypto are based on the following distributions.
The cipher mode code (cipher_crypt_cbc, cipher_crypt_cfb,
cipher_crypt_ecb, cipher_crypt_ofb) and the Blowfish code
(cipher_imp_blowfish) are based on Eric Young's Blowfish distribution
and are copyrighted by Eric Young.  The DES code (cipher_imp_des)
is based on Eric Young's DES distribution and is copyrighted by Eric Young.
The IDEA code (cipher_imp_idea) is based on the source code in Bruce
Schneier's Applied Cryptography, 2nd ed.  The SHA code (hash_imp_sha)
and the random confounder code are based on the libcrypto routines in the
Kerberos 5 patch level 1 distribution (krb5-1.0pl1) and are copyrighted by
MIT.  For the CAST code (cipher_imp_cast) and the MD5 code (hash_imp_md5)
see above.  (Update: As of version 1.7.1, libkrypto has been replaced
with stub wrappers to crypto library implementations of the corresponding
ciphers.  The above attributions are no longer relevant.)

The code for login, su and passwd are based on the Shadow Password Suite
for Linux (shadow-970616).  The Linux Shadow Password Suite is based on
the Shadow Suite by Julianne F. Haugh and is copyright (c) 1988-1997,
Julianne F. Haugh and copyright (c) 1996, Marek Michalkiewicz.

A special thanks goes to the legions of volunteers, past and present,
who have contributed to the Project and whose continuing contributions
to Open Source cryptography make this effort a success.
